\PassOptionsToPackage{unicode=true}{hyperref} % options for packages loaded elsewhere
\PassOptionsToPackage{hyphens}{url}
%
\documentclass[]{article}
\usepackage{lmodern}
\usepackage{amssymb,amsmath}
\usepackage{ifxetex,ifluatex}
\usepackage{fixltx2e} % provides \textsubscript
\ifnum 0\ifxetex 1\fi\ifluatex 1\fi=0 % if pdftex
  \usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
  \usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
  \usepackage{textcomp} % provides euro and other symbols
\else % if luatex or xelatex
  \usepackage{unicode-math}
  \defaultfontfeatures{Ligatures=TeX,Scale=MatchLowercase}
\fi
% use upquote if available, for straight quotes in verbatim environments
\IfFileExists{upquote.sty}{\usepackage{upquote}}{}
% use microtype if available
\IfFileExists{microtype.sty}{%
\usepackage[]{microtype}
\UseMicrotypeSet[protrusion]{basicmath} % disable protrusion for tt fonts
}{}
\IfFileExists{parskip.sty}{%
\usepackage{parskip}
}{% else
\setlength{\parindent}{0pt}
\setlength{\parskip}{6pt plus 2pt minus 1pt}
}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\hypersetup{
            pdftitle={A Comprehensive Research of the Supply Chain of Uniqlo},
            pdfauthor={Chen Wang},
            pdfborder={0 0 0},
            breaklinks=true}
\urlstyle{same}  % don't use monospace font for urls
\usepackage[margin=1in]{geometry}
\usepackage{graphicx,grffile}
\makeatletter
\def\maxwidth{\ifdim\Gin@nat@width>\linewidth\linewidth\else\Gin@nat@width\fi}
\def\maxheight{\ifdim\Gin@nat@height>\textheight\textheight\else\Gin@nat@height\fi}
\makeatother
% Scale images if necessary, so that they will not overflow the page
% margins by default, and it is still possible to overwrite the defaults
% using explicit options in \includegraphics[width, height, ...]{}
\setkeys{Gin}{width=\maxwidth,height=\maxheight,keepaspectratio}
\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em}  % prevent overfull lines
\providecommand{\tightlist}{%
  \setlength{\itemsep}{0pt}\setlength{\parskip}{0pt}}
\setcounter{secnumdepth}{5}
% Redefines (sub)paragraphs to behave more like sections
\ifx\paragraph\undefined\else
\let\oldparagraph\paragraph
\renewcommand{\paragraph}[1]{\oldparagraph{#1}\mbox{}}
\fi
\ifx\subparagraph\undefined\else
\let\oldsubparagraph\subparagraph
\renewcommand{\subparagraph}[1]{\oldsubparagraph{#1}\mbox{}}
\fi

% set default figure placement to htbp
\makeatletter
\def\fps@figure{htbp}
\makeatother

\usepackage{etoolbox}
\makeatletter
\providecommand{\subtitle}[1]{% add subtitle to \maketitle
  \apptocmd{\@title}{\par {\large #1 \par}}{}{}
}
\makeatother

\title{A Comprehensive Research of the Supply Chain of Uniqlo}
\providecommand{\subtitle}[1]{}
\subtitle{A Report for Uniqlo Scholarship Winter Program (Supply Chain Reform
Direction)}
\author{Chen Wang\footnote{Undergraduate in Software Engineering, Software
  School of Fudan University; Software Development Engineer at Amazon
  Shanghai Institute of Artificial Intelligence, Amazon Web Services.
  (\href{mailto:cwanam@amazon.com}{\nolinkurl{cwanam@amazon.com}})}}
\date{February 11th, 2020}

\begin{document}
\maketitle

{
\setcounter{tocdepth}{3}
\tableofcontents
}
\hypertarget{abstract}{%
\section{Abstract}\label{abstract}}

\hypertarget{keywords}{%
\section{Keywords}\label{keywords}}

\hypertarget{introduction}{%
\section{Introduction}\label{introduction}}

\hypertarget{the-concepts-of-supply-chain-and-specialty-store-retailer-of-private-label-apparel}{%
\section{The Concepts of Supply Chain and Specialty Store Retailer of
Private Label
Apparel}\label{the-concepts-of-supply-chain-and-specialty-store-retailer-of-private-label-apparel}}

In this section, the specialty retailers of private label apparel (SPA),
which is a form of chain store and supply chain supply chain system
(SCS) chain store, are the focus of our research. Explore non-market
approaches ``born-global'' companies use to take advantage of overseas
locations. The fast case study is SPA, so the retail business we will
focus on has the locational benefits that can be gained by
internationalizing some of its business processes to the
company-specific benefits. (Note: The above is fairly unknown. "The Fast
Retailing Co., Ltd.~is used as a case. SPA's research business process
has taken place advantage to internationalize some of it. The advantage
of a competitive SPA lies in the ability of the organization to operate
the SCS, in that it first summarizes the existing research on the SCS,
necessitates a strategic perspective, and then the SCS is characterized
by the And the benefits of SPA.

\hypertarget{existing-research-on-scs-and-strategic-perspective}{%
\subsection{Existing research on SCS and strategic
perspective}\label{existing-research-on-scs-and-strategic-perspective}}

The supply method known as the ``just-in-time'' system, and the parts
procurement network used by Toyota, allow companies to develop their own
SCS. Of particular importance to the rules of thumb used by Toyota is
that ``the company result depends on the quality of operation that uses
external management resources, including the out-sourcing business.''

From the viewpoint of lean operation, Cox (Cox, 1999, pp.167-168) has 8
features:

\begin{enumerate}
\def\labelenumi{(\arabic{enumi})}
\item
  We aim for perfection to provide value to customers.
\item
  Only for actions that produce what is extracted from customers
  just-in-time and create a focused value flow.
\item
  Focus on waste removal in all in-house operational processes and
  externally, overproduction, standby, transportation, improper
  processing, defects, unnecessary inventory and movement.
\item
  All participants in the supply chain are stakeholders and need to add
  value to everyone in the business.
\item
  Closer, collaborative, reciprocal, not trustworthy (win-win), arm
  length and adversary (win or lose), supplier relationships.
\item
  Work with suppliers to create a lean, demand-driven logistics process.
\item
  A desirable long-term relationship that reduces the number of
  suppliers and works more intensively with a given supplier.
\item
  Create a network of suppliers and build a common understanding and
  learning products and services on waste reduction and operational
  efficiency in existing deliveries.
\end{enumerate}

Cox is a company and its suppliers. Later, he defined SCS as the
following pattern of operations: Avoid waste and add value to your
customers. Avoiding waste levels when cooperation between companies and
their suppliers is optimal. (Five). Cox introduces a strategy-level
concept that highlights the unique nature of the operational supply
chain (Cox, 1999, p.168). He underestimated the importance of vertical
relationships between companies that systematically criticized existing
strategic research. He referred to the concept of core competence as
existing work. The success of the technology and resources business
owned and managed by companies that regard the concept of cockscore
competence as an internally defined concept. Therefore, Cox could not
explain the supply chain in which the core conceptual capabilities
existed between some companies beyond the boundaries of the company.
Finally, he has strategic management. In other words, Cox discussed SCS
at the strategic level.

\hypertarget{characteristics-of-chain-store-scs}{%
\subsection{Characteristics of chain store
SCS}\label{characteristics-of-chain-store-scs}}

``In the case of a chain store, each product is just a part, a
material.'' This description is a description based recognition for
chain store SCS.

A manufacturer's end product is made up of many parts and materials.
Therefore, customer satisfaction is achieved by connecting the
procurement system parts and materials in the production system. But
from a chain store perspective, a manufacturer's finished product is
simply an intermediate in the parts, materials, and marketing process.
The finished product chain store is a variety of products that customers
demand. For this reason, assortment is an important word. The meaning of
``assortment'' is defined as a result of commercialization by retailers.
That is, to achieve customer satisfaction, retailers need to determine
the goods they sell, and the price and quality of the goods. It is
determined by this choice as it appears in the merchant retail store. We
have selected this product group as assortment.

In summary, the chain store's production system is complete. Chain store
results by the quality of the procurement system. Manufacturers examine
the quality and price of product parts and materials while avoiding
waste. At the same time, as a manufacturer, chain stores examine quality
and price. Each product functions as a part and material and wants to
avoid waste. This means that unsold products are removed from the shop
floor. The tendency to avoid waste in this chain store is that the
products that customers demand are perfect. Customer demand by providing
a complete assortment of goods that chain stores meet.

Usually, the sales system is a production system for retailers.
Therefore, sales capacity is considered a criterion for judging the
results of the retailer. However, adaptation and modification of the
procurement system to the production system, merchandise procurement
system, and chain store chain store sales system. For example, some
mottos are ``high quality, low price'', ``daily low price'', etc., sales
system. Rather, the motto requires a customer. This is the result of the
sourcing system starting from trying to meet. client. These mottoes
reflect the assortment offered by chain stores. Or, try to offer.

The main activity of SCS of the chain store is ``assortment'' (Yoshida,
2001). This edition is an activity that retailers will consider a
combination of products assorted in shop flowers. In other words,
edition is an activity that retailers consider an assortment to meet
customer satisfaction. Therefore, the edition activity is to resolve any
discrepancies at the end of the marketing process, creating and
delivering customer satisfaction. In other words, creating and
delivering customer satisfaction that completely eliminates
inconsistencies at the end of the marketing process. Customers by
assortment retailers provide. Therefore, assortment processing is a
starting point for marketing.

Specifically, the intent of the store to completely eliminate chain
conflicts is embodied in the assortment offered to the end customer. The
realization of this assortment depends on the assortment editing
activity. Therefore, the assortment edition, the actual assortment of
chain stores, and strategic subjects. In the case of chains there is no
point in categorizing goods according to the assortment, edition and
edition. In other words, the SCS product of the actual source activity
is the main role and is strategically important. So our ability to
organize quality SCS is our company. Therefore, SCS is not just a supply
chain. Rather, it is a type of organizational behavior and can occur at
the end of the marketing process. And organizing the behavior of
competence organizations is a company-specific advantage (6).

\hypertarget{spas-competitive-advantages}{%
\subsection{SPA's competitive
advantages}\label{spas-competitive-advantages}}

Chain prices alone have no competitive advantage at low prices. It's
easy to use low prices as a basic tactic, but it's just one aspect of
SCS procurement activities. In short, this tactic arises from non-price
competition. Therefore, after defining the feasible range of the
assortment, the practical ability to procure within that range is the
ability to organize SCS (Yoshida, 2001).

The smaller the feasible range of the assortment, the narrower the scope
of the procurement activities of the product: Therefore, solutions that
require removal of ranges and discrepancies are deepened. Conversely,
the greater the feasible range of assortment, the lower the density of
product procurement activities. The easy-to-use chain has 50,000 items
that image the qualitative differences between the activities stored,
and the assortment of goods and the chain store with only 10 items edit
the assortment. It is a general store (GMS) chain store, SCS. GMS
overcomes the strategic subject of editing the assortment in the store
floor, and it is impossible to achieve an assortment of goods along the
edition. This indicates that GMS intends a high assortment of customers
that could cause inconsistencies with chain stores.

Chain stores are trying to reveal their unique competitive advantage by
infusing each product with its own strategic intent. In other words, if
the chain store establishes a competitive advantage, it will edit the
assortment by removing the inconsistency between the store and the
customer, and the goods in line with this edition that will practice the
actual assortment behavior, The intentions that make will be natural The
unique strategic intentions will penetrate to each stage of production
functioning goods. This will affect the assortment, even if the product
is a national brand. For example, vegetables are cultivated, production
is not only aimed at securing the supply of vegetables, but with large
seasonal price fluctuations. The contract is part of a procurement
activity along a proprietary edition of the assortment. That is, the
contract contains not only a negative intent to secure supply, but also
an aggressive intent to realize an assortment of editions. This is an
important element of SCS. Also, if a national branded product is
inconsistent or does not fit its own edition of the assortment, it is
natural that the product has been destroyed from the assortment. As a
result, private brands are created by chain stores.

SPA is a type of chain store that specializes in clothing, and a company
that edits its own assortment using private brands (7). The private
brand assortment is the key to SPA achieving its unique strategy. SPA
will consider an assortment of editions using a private brand
assortment, building commodities, and security SCS to source commodities
according to their own intent. This gives SPA an advantage over other
chain stores.

\hypertarget{the-growth-of-uniqlo-business-of-fast-retailing-co.ltd.}{%
\section{The Growth of Uniqlo Business of Fast Retailing
Co.~Ltd.}\label{the-growth-of-uniqlo-business-of-fast-retailing-co.ltd.}}

This section describes the Fast Retailing (FR) Uniqlo business. First,
an overview. Second, the history of Fast Retailing is shown. Third, I
will discuss the ``all better change'' (ABC) activities that have had a
significant impact on FR 's management style . Finally, the current
status of FR is displayed.

\hypertarget{overview-of-fast-retailings-uniqlo-business}{%
\subsection{Overview of Fast Retailing's UNIQLO
business}\label{overview-of-fast-retailings-uniqlo-business}}

FR is responsible for the entire business process from planning to
sales. The casual wear product brand is UNIQLO. FR operates a UNIQLO
chain store. UNIQLO is a casual wear brand and the name of a chain owned
by FR . FR considers casual wear widely. The company does not sell
formal wear, such as swallow tail coats or evening dresses. We sell
underwear, belts, caps, bags and other products. In this sense, the
range of items that FR sells is casual wear and the items needed to wear
casual wear.

FR 's total sales and stores have grown significantly since it opened in
1984 ( see Figure 2 ). Total sales in 2001 were 418,500,000,000 yen.
There are 519 stores. Ordinary profit was 103,200,000,000 yen and the
ordinary profit ratio was 24.7 \%. In 2002 , gross sales are expected to
decline due to rapid growth in 2001 . Total sales in 2002 were
204,800,000,000 yen. The expected ordinary profit is 38,500,000,000 yen.
The estimated number of shops is 555 . FR has recorded sales and profits
for 11 consecutive years. The shares were listed on the second section
of the Tokyo Stock Exchange in 1997 and on the first section of the
Tokyo Stock Exchange in 1999 (Togawa et al., 2000, P.26 ). In August
2001 , the company employed 1,598 full-time and 10,674 part-time
workers.

FR 's corporate philosophy and management principles were developed by
Tadashi Yanai, the founder of FR . The corporate philosophy is
represented by the 23 points shown in Figure 3 . Much of this philosophy
involves universal and simple content, applies to every company in every
industry, and then internalizes the founder's belief in ``naturally
customs'' (Togawa et al ., 2000 , p . 127). , `` FR lists the following
three points as key guidelines for the Uniqlo business .

\begin{enumerate}
\def\labelenumi{(\arabic{enumi})}
\tightlist
\item
  Always improve the product
\item
  Strengthen low-cost operations
\item
  First to place customers
\end{enumerate}

To prioritize customers, Uniqlo maintains a clean shop and full
inventory, and allows returns for three months from the date of purchase
. Through strictly maintaining these principles of the UNIQLO business,
FR plays a key role in managing that customer satisfaction is at its
highest position, playing with the belief that customers can achieve
their management.

The operational characteristics of FR are implied by company name. First
of all, fast means instantly generating the demands that customers have
on a commercial basis. The phrase also reflects the founder's strong
desire to become a retailer with a ``fast food concept.'' The idea is,
first Fu, such as McDonald's was to transfer the concept of de company
in the clothing industry. First of all, fast food can be eaten anytime,
anywhere. Similarly, UNIQLO branded garments are produced with the goal
of allowing anyone to wear them anytime, anywhere. FR products are
popular and basic because they target ``anybody, anywhere, anytime''.

Low prices are affordable products for everyone. In addition, FR is sold
in unisex style for all ages. Second, fast food stores offer the same
items and services all over the world. UNIQLO, a FR shop, aims to
provide the same items and the same services at all shops throughout
Japan. For Uniqlo , each store uses standard layouts and operating
procedures ( Chikae , 2000 , pp . 110-111 ). Third, companies that
operate fast food chains have their own systems of planning, development
and sales. Similarly, FR designs, plans and sells its products. FR
organizes production networks in China and Southeast Asia. FR sells its
products in its own sales network, the Uniqlo shop. Chapter 4 , the fast
food company 1 sells a single product in large quantities. A fast food
restaurant and the same way, FR for large-scale 1 to produce a single
product, offers at a low price in all stores. This idea is supported by
the fact that inventory is limited to 200 items (Hatano, 2000 , p.34 ).
Finally, fast food companies prioritize reducing labor costs. FR will
build a store of the same size as possible (approximately 495 square
meters) and place it in the suburbs ( Wol , 2000 , p . 25 ). The name
UNIQLO is meant to imply ``a unique clothing warehouse.'' UNIQLO is a
store similar to a warehouse. This style prevents waste. Uniqlo uses a
``help yourself'' system modeled after a supermarket. The cost of
starting a new store is between 60,000,000 and 70,000,000 yen ( Chikae ,
2000 , p.110 ). FR practices labor-saving and low-cost construction.

\hypertarget{establishment-of-uniqlo}{%
\subsection{Establishment of UNIQLO}\label{establishment-of-uniqlo}}

FR started with men's clothing store Ogori Trading. The company, 1949 in
Ube City, Yamaguchi Prefecture in years, FR of the CEO was founded by
Hitoshi Yanai is Tadashi Yanai of the father is. Shoji Ogori was run by
Hitoshi Yanai. The main seller was high-quality formal wear for
gentlemen ( Okamoto , 2000 , p.87 ). The company purchased goods from
Gifu and Nagoya, which are involved in the textile industry. The current
FR of CEO is a positive Yanai is a 1972 joined years. He graduated from
Waseda University in 1971 and later worked at JASCO , a major Japanese
chain . Ogori Shoji sold well-known Japanese casual wear brands,
including formal wear for gentlemen, foreign brands of high-quality
women's dresses, and VAN . In 1984 , when Tadashi Yanai assumed office
as a director of Ogori Shoji, he established UNIQLO. The first store
opened in Hiroshima near Ube City. The bubble economy started around
1985 . At this time, expensive designers and ``character brand'' fashion
were popular in Japan. Under these circumstances, UNIQLO started its
business using the concept of selling casual wear at low prices. The
concept is represented as follows: ``In the store you can buy clothes
like a magazine.'' Shop 10 decided to target a boy of generations. At
this time, the Uniqlo concept has not yet been fully developed. The
store inventory did not include the Uniqlo brand. However, it was
characterized by low prices. The " help-yourself " system has been
adopted. This system was started by Yanai who believed that high-quality
shops must serve their customers, but that casual wear customers can
help themselves. In 1984 , Ogori Syoji became the chairman of Chuchu
Yanai .

In June 1985 , UNIQLO opened on the outskirts of Shimonoseki. 10 May,
similar Uniqlo shops in Okayama 2 was hotels open. The store was built
to look like a warehouse to save construction costs. This style has
saved overhead. Most of the Uniqlo inventory has been imported. In 1985
, the yen exchange rate increased significantly in Japan. Still, the
cost of goods purchased by FR did not decrease. Therefore, FR needed to
reduce overhead costs to achieve lower prices at the point of sale . In
1988 , the franchisee was adopted to reduce costs by purchasing large
quantities. On the other hand, the opening of new stores has made it
difficult to steadily find sources of high-quality, low-priced products.

In 1987 , Yanai went on a Hong Kong tour, visiting a company called
Jelldarno, which had a brand name of the same name . This brand was sold
in the United States and Europe. The company had a SPA format. This
brand has a reputation for high quality and low price. Yanai has decided
to outsource the production of Uniqlo branded items to a factory that
manufactures Jelldarno products . This was the first step towards
developing a SPA that controls planning, production, distribution and
sales . This system is modeled on GAP . In 1988 , the Point of Sale (
POS ) system was introduced. POS systems use computers to quickly track
inventory in stores and make that information available to headquarters.
With the introduction of this system, management from planning to sales
has become possible. In the same year, FR began full-scale development
of the Uniqlo brand ( Okamoto , 2000 , p.111 ). In February 1989 , FR
established an Osaka office to enhance product development. The office
involved a supplier in the development of a specialty product. In 1989 ,
FR also built a distribution center. In 1990 , the computer system was
updated to handle internal merchandise and sales information. In 1991 ,
the company name was changed from Ogori Shoji to Fast Retailing. Total
sales were 7,179,000,000 yen and there were 29 stores.

In 1992 , Ogori Trading, which specializes in formal wear, was changed
to UNIQLO, and all FR shops became UNIQLO. New computer systems have
been introduced to grow the business and implement management
strategies. In 1994 , the number of FR shops exceeded 100 . In July 1994
, FR shares were listed on the Hiroshima Stock Exchange. List FRs
released from financial issues such as bank loans . FR moved quickly to
open more Uniqlo shops. In 1996 there were more than 200 stores and in
1997 there were 300 stores. Then, FR shares of the Tokyo Stock Exchange
2 was listed on the second section. On the other hand, to strengthen the
Uniqlo brand in, FR is 1994 years 12 founded the design subsidiary in
New York in May. This subsidiary FR is 100 owned\%, was aimed at
enhancement of the design and information collection. In order to
strengthen the production, FR is 1996 founded the production subsidiary
in China of Sandton in years. The subsidiary was a joint venture between
five companies , including Nichimen, a general trading company, and a
Chinese company. FR 's investment ratio was 28.7 \%.

In 1997 , FR launched Spoqlo , a casual sportswear shop and Famqlo ,
with 9 new types of shopping and shops as children and women as new
businesses . But these businesses were not very successful. Under these
circumstances, the total sales of existing UNIQLO stores were below the
level of the previous year. As a result, the increase in revenue and
profit from all shops was achieved by the sales generated by the
construction of the new shop. 1997 to the year, Sawada Takashi, FR
original COO is, Itochu left Syoji of (a comprehensive company Syosya a)
FR took part in the management of. Sawada, in response to a request of
Yanai, FR in order to improve the sales results of 4 made a single
proposal. He first suggested closing the Spokro and Famcro stores. The
problem was that entering a new business dispersed the vector of
employees. In 1998 , FR closed its Spocro and Famcro shops. His 2 -th
proposal, was to review the UNIQLO business. Third was to simplify the
business. Until 1997 , UNIQLO Shops sold other brands. The brand was
sold at a low price to attract customers. UNIQLO's marketing goals were
not clear to its staff and customers. Therefore, the FR clarified its
purpose. UNIQLO has launched sales of its own brand of casual wear. His
4 th proposal, was to close the New York design office. The offices in
Osaka, New York, and Tokyo each had separate design facilities until
1997 , but the overall approach was inconsistent. These offices were
merged in 1998 and a new office was established in Tokyo. In 1998 , a
new FR board was appointed. FR 's management was young and under the
guidance of Yanai and Sawada. The above improvements are currently being
carried over as ``All better change ( ABC )'' activities.

\hypertarget{abc-activity}{%
\subsection{ABC activity}\label{abc-activity}}

Yanai is, 1998 years 6 began in May ABC the nature of the activity was
defined as follows: (iro incarnation, 2000 years 1 month, 36 pages).

``So far, headquarters have been thinkers and stores have practiced. We
will change this style to a new style of thinking and practicing in all
workplaces, including shops. Change to a style that meets the needs of
the customer, that is, how to produce marketable products. ABC
activities are literally everything that changes.''

The first part shows that the headquarters will take the initiative and
change the store operation to a store operation that is autonomous by
the store manager. A management manual was used at UNIQLO shops to
standardize operating procedures in Japan. It was good management to
practice the manual in the store. On the other hand, reliance on manual,
or take away the thinking ability of the manager, the store did not use
the idea of the length. Gradually, the negative effects of the manual
exacerbated the FR problem. To change the situation, FR has changed its
organization and HR policies. At this point, the FR manager was not
responsible for the sale. They were evaluated based on cleanliness,
inventory management and human resources management. Since July 1998 ,
sales have been added to the list of responsibilities. In February 1999
, the Superstar Manager system was introduced. The Superstar Manager was
a full-time FR staff member, whose annual income depended on shop
performance. The system has changed management by linking performance to
rewards. 2001 In the year, 520 in the person of the manager 30 there was
a person of superstar (Weekly Toyo Keizai, 2001 year 11 March 3 days,
P.34 ). In addition, a supervisory position was created and promoted.
Supervisors were responsible for several shops in defined areas and
served as sales coaches. A supervisor location was set up to identify
problem areas within the store and work with headquarters and store
staff to resolve the problem.

Later in the statement on ABC 's activities, Yanai mentioned the shift
from selling products to manufacturing marketable products. This change
is a matter of restructuring the supply chain system ( SCS ). FR 's
design office has been integrated into Tokyo, strengthening the
unification of the UNIQLO brand. FR narrowed down the items from 200 to
300 . FR , instead of increasing the number of items, in order to reduce
the cost 1 was creating a lot of one item.

FR is to introduce a system with a sales strategy with the weekly demand
forecast, 1998 years 10 has been changed a production plan to match the
sales of the May plan. In 1998 , 90 \% of FR products came from
factories that contracted production in China. FR has reduced the number
of factories from 140 to 40 ( Guisen , 2000 , p.24 ). FR is 2001 in year
85 of the plant ( 60 commissioned the production of clothing company).
Most Japanese SPA companies have consigned production contracts with
factories in China via general trading companies. SPA companies have
turned production management and quality control into the hands of a
general trading company. In opposition to this position, FR is 1999
years 4 a Shanghai office in May, the same year 9 founded the Guangzhou
office in May. The China office has 90 local staff members who visit the
factory every Tuesday to Thursday to work directly on quality control.
Also, since 2001 , FR has organized a skilled team called Takumi . The
team members are experienced Japanese engineers. They are a group of
people who have worked for a Japanese textile company for a long time
and have experience as factory managers. The following people work for
the artisan team ( Chikae , 2000 , p . 18 ):

Hidetoshi Murakami, 53 years old, a sewing expert with 30 years of
experience. Ota Michio, 65 years old, dye expert with 45 years
experience.

This team consists of 14 people. In one month, one person visited 10
factories in China and transferred factory management and sewing
technology. In addition, in May 2001 , FR established an online system
between these Chinese contract factories and the Japanese headquarters.
Factory production data is sent online to headquarters. In addition,
orders can be immediately delivered to the factory based on sales data.
FR has established a production system that produces 50 \% of the
production plan at the beginning of the season and produces the
remaining products according to the sales volume in stores. FR shares
production information with several material companies that are
responsible for the production of cotton, yarn, textiles and dyes. FR
links production and sourcing of materials.

To manage distribution, FR staff reviews products delivered to a Chinese
trading warehouse. FR has distribution centers in Tokyo and Osaka.
Distribution centers classify primary products by size and color.
Products are delivered to the shop three times a week . Delivery is to
an external company.

In November 1998 , FR opened a new shop in Harajuku, Tokyo. FR has
changed its advertising strategy from using house-to-house flyers to a
multimedia approach that uses newspapers, magazines, and television. As
a result, the Harajuku store was successful and the UNIQLO brand was
strengthened. At the same time, the possibility of developing a store
outside the suburbs was shown. In addition, FR was listed on the first
section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange in November 1999 . A new computer
system, introduced in October 2000 , allowed inventory control by color
and size with sales demand defined as sales information management.
Minimum number of units. By introducing this system, it is possible to
practice adjustment for production in a smaller unit than the current
unit. In 1999 , some shops could be ordered directly from the factory
instead of relying on headquarters. By 2001 , 100 out of 520 stores
could be ordered directly in items, colors and sizes. This system will
be introduced in all shops in 2002 .

\hypertarget{new-subjects}{%
\subsection{New subjects}\label{new-subjects}}

ABC activities continue today. ABC activities meetings are held every
Monday morning (about 70 people in total ) by managers such as section
managers. At these meetings, we were able to discuss company issues.
These meetings and the sales meeting held on Monday afternoon were
important for making decisions about the normal operation of the FR .
The sales meeting was used to discuss sales between sales
representatives, supervisors, and store managers. The results of ABC
activities have had a significant impact on the establishment of FR
business processes. Figure 4 shows the business process.

FR is involved in too many projects. FR continues to make progress after
establishing business processes. In 1999 , FR launched a mail order
business using brochures. In January 2000 , FR collaborated with Simree
in the mail order business . Simree is a company with mail order
experience. In October , a mail-order system via the Internet was
launched. In addition, some existing suburban stores have been closed,
and FR is building new luxury stores.

In June 2000 , Fast Retailing ( UK ), Ltd.~was established as a
preparatory stage for developing UNIQLO overseas. In September 2001 ,
four UNIQLO shops opened. The locations were Knightsbridge, Wimbledon,
Axbridge, and Romford. The conditions for finding a store were different
from those used in Japan. Knightsbridge is a downtown shop. The
Wimbledon shop is on High Street in this town. Uxbridge and Rom ford
shops are located in suburban shopping malls with large parking lots.
Due to legal differences between Japan and the UK, it was not possible
to use locations along roads outside the UK. Building space is limited,
so finding a store for the FR is an important issue. UNIQLO inventory is
generated in China. The UK has a quota for imports from China. Thus, as
the number of shops grows, maintaining the source of the product becomes
an issue. Genichi Tamatsuka , the manager TheU.K . It emphasizes the
importance of partnerships that form operational and production
contracts. FR is, FR in order to achieve the product quality is desire,
look for a partner that can build a cooperative relationship. And if
such a partner owns a factory in a country where the UK does not charge
quotas, FR must resolve the issue of suppliers in the UK market. FR is
required to establish a supply mechanism that emphasizes meeting
customer demand in the UK. In addition, in order to enter the Chinese
casual wear market, 2001 years 8 to China in May Fast Retailing
(Jiangsu) Apparel Co.~to determine the success of the future in overseas
markets.

\hypertarget{general-analysis-of-uniqlo-of-the-supply-chain-of-uniqlo}{%
\section{General Analysis of Uniqlo of the Supply Chain of
Uniqlo}\label{general-analysis-of-uniqlo-of-the-supply-chain-of-uniqlo}}

The point of our discussion is to consider the meaning of a company
starting an international business without advantages. FR is analyzed
from two perspectives. First, I will explain FR's relationship with
international business. This includes considering whether FR is a
``born'' company. Next, we analyze FR's location advantages in China. We
will also consider why other SPAs cannot mimic the FR model. After these
discussions, we analyze the implications of businesses without
advantages engaging in international business.

\hypertarget{is-fr-a-born-company}{%
\subsection{Is FR a ``born'' company?}\label{is-fr-a-born-company}}

We borrow the concept of the definition of ``global company'' from
Oviatt and McDougall (1994). They argued that it was essential for
``global'' companies to have an international origin. In other words,
``global'' companies need to invest resources in multiple countries.
Therefore, the explanation is (Oviatt and McDougall, 1994, p.~49):
``They do not necessarily own foreign assets; foreign direct investment
is not mandatory; they can arrange strategic alliances to use foreign
resources such as manufacturing capabilities and marketing .'' You need
to determine if Fast Retailing (FR) is inherently global. The criterion
is whether the company uses foreign resources from the beginning. In the
case of FR, the origin was 1949. It was Shoji Ogori started by the
father of FR CEO. Ogori began selling formal wear for men. Later, the
company expanded dress and casual wear and sold it to women. In this
sense, Tadashi Yanai joined the company in 1972. When he served as
Managing Director in June 1984, he launched a casual wear shop, UNIQLO.
After UNIQLO was established, Yanai becamethe chairman of Ogori
September 1984 Shoji decided that he would operate UNIQLO as a business
of Ogori Syoji. Therefore, 1984 can be considered the year of
establishment of UNIQLO in FR. UNIQLO was initially a competitive
clothing store focused on casual clothing for teenagers at low prices.
The competitive strategy was supported through the procurement of
low-priced products. FR inventory was from foreign countries, including
Hong Kong. When prices for foreign goods did not drop, warehouse-style
stores were devised. Since the beginning of UNIQLO, business
relationships with foreign companies have been a key factor in the
competition to make products cheaper than Japanese companies. In other
words, for FR to grow, it had to use foreign sources to keep prices low.
In 1984, the only aspect of the business managed by FR was sales.
However, in the business process, there were business relationships that
used external resources (see Figure 5).

Here we insert Figure 5 (the 1984 FR business process). In summary, FR
used foreign resources from the beginning. To determine if this company
is a ``global company'', you need to determine whether it used foreign
resources from the beginning. FR did; therefore, we can conclude that FR
was a ``global company''.

\hypertarget{location-advantages-and-organizational-capabilities}{%
\subsection{Location advantages and organizational
capabilities}\label{location-advantages-and-organizational-capabilities}}

FR has adopted SPA foam. The ability to organize a supply chain system
(SCS) has been shown to be a significant advantage for SPA companies.
SCS is a system that realizes an ideal product lineup. To achieve an
assortment, some activities of SCS have to find some countries. The
season of this place is to integrate the advantages of the places that
exist in each country into the SCS. In other words, location benefits
add value to each product. In addition, organizational capabilities
increase the value of the store to the customer and achieve the
company's intended lineup. In summary, the goal of SPA
internationalization is to combine attractiveness of places with
organizational capabilities to form an attractive assortment. In the
case of FR, when UNIQLO was established in 1984, FR management was
limited to sales functions. The only way to turn a foreign location
advantage into a FR advantage itself was to procure products produced by
foreign manufacturers by trading in international markets. Although FR's
strategy was to target teenagers in the casual wear market, the company
had limited ability to get the products its customers wanted. Assortment
editions and sourcing activities are related to each other. Due to the
limited procurement capacity of the goods, the assortment is compiled
from the goods that can be procured. The inability to edit the
assortment as a strategy drives the establishment of a system for
procuring products. In 1987, FR began producing commissions in the
chain, and the number of factories that contacted for commission
production increased. In 1988, FR began to enhance product planning and
design. A design office was established in Osaka in 1989. In 1988, FR
introduced a computer system to manage the sales of individual stores.
As a result, FR was able to control product planning, part of
production, and sales (see Figure 6). Figure 6 (FR business process for
which commission creation has started) is inserted here When FR procured
only foreign brands through market transactions, location advantages
were incorporated into the products purchased. However, by starting
commission production with a partner, the advantages of the place are
factors that determine the attractiveness of the product. Most of the
factories FR uses to manufacture products are made in China. The next
factor is the advantage of using factories in China (Weekly Toyo Keizai,
November 3, 2001, p.~44). First, the labor is cheap. China's wages are 1
/ 30th of Japan's. For the 700 million people that make up the working
population, those working in the agriculture and fisheries industries
move to urban areas to become factory workers and return to agricultural
areas within three years. This means that labor costs do not increase
because of the use of unskilled workers. Second, China's main industry
is the textile industry. In Shanghai, you can easily source the
materials you need to make garments, such as buttons, zippers, and
fabrics. The price of the material is very low. To integrate the
benefits of using a Chinese facility into SCS, it is important to
strengthen cooperation between FR and Chinese factories. In other words,
strengthening relationships with foreign factories will enhance SCS's
organizational capabilities. After commissioning commenced, FR's
targeted assortment of editions increased the likelihood of being
realized by FR's subjective intent without being affected by market
conditions. However, FR could control very few parts of the entire
business. Most products are foreign-made. However, if each activity in
the FR business process is not enhanced, it makes less sense for the FR
to control all business processes. A design subsidiary, founded in New
York in 1994, aims to enhance product planning. The design subsidiary
assumes that FR wanted to integrate the benefits of location into
business processes (see Figure 7). Figure 7 (FR business process after
the establishment of a design subsidiary) is inserted here. When the
design firm was reorganized in 1998, the design subsidiary in New York
was closed. The reasons for reorganizing the design offices in Osaka
(established in 1989), New York, and Tokyo (established in 1996) have
been described earlier. The Uniqlo brand did not have the uniformity of
three independent offices. In other words, the assortment version that
FR doses is not clear as FR strategy. It was the effect of procurement
on products that FR could actually procure. This was the result of
confusing the lineup that FR envisioned as a strategy and the lineup
that FR could actually procure. In the restructuring of the UNIQLO
business that started in 1998, FR decided that the FR should aim for the
assor tment of its confirmation, only the UNIQLO brand, and basically
assorted products at UNIQLO stores. Therefore, the business process of
FR was simple (see Figure 8). Figure 8 (FR business process since 1998)
is inserted here. FR was a real SPA form with a selection of UNIQLO
branded products at the UNIQLO shop. By using SCS and realizing an ideal
assortment, it becomes a real SPA form, and FR has an advantage over
other forms of commerce. In short, FR can ensure an assortment that will
satisfy its customers. On the other hand, the FR has to bear the cost of
maintaining the SCS. For FR, SCS rust means loss of competitiveness.
Since 1998, FR has used the system to forecast customer demand and
change its production plans weekly accordingly (see Figure 9). To
maintain these benefits, FR needs to continually improve and invest in
SCS. Here we insert Figure 9 (FR reorganized supply chain (conceptual
diagram)).

This is an enhancement of the well-functioning SCS organizational
capabilities. Each part of the SCS has been improved by enhancing the
quality control system at the factory in China and promoting the
transfer of technology by the artisan team. Through these activities,
FR's production activities are taking advantage of the location
advantages of China and increasing the value of the entire SCS. As noted
above, as growth has grown, the FR has expanded the activities they can
control. To achieve the ideal lineup, FR needed SCS to procure products.
FR's SCS has been enhanced with a commission agreement with a Chinese
plant. In order to integrate China's location advantages into
organizational capabilities, FR has practiced many effort devices, such
as implementing a quality management system.

\hypertarget{the-meaning-of-internationalization-without-benefits-internationalization-to-build-benefits}{%
\subsection{The meaning of internationalization without benefits:
internationalization to build
benefits}\label{the-meaning-of-internationalization-without-benefits-internationalization-to-build-benefits}}

Global non-market globalization has no benefits. The answer is given in
the analysis above. When UNIQLO was founded in 1984, sourcing low-priced
products by engaging in business with foreign companies provided FR with
certain benefits. As growth grew, FR expanded the activities it could
control with SCS. At the same time, the capacity level of each SCS
activity has been enhanced. Finally, all activities of the SCS have been
brought under FR control. Behind this was the reason FR had to build an
SCS to achieve the ideal lineup. The SCS needs to be built as a device
that allows the company to procure the necessary products. In other
words, through the procurement process, SCS must have the ability to add
products to the elements that the company wants. Being part of an SCS
activity in a foreign country means that the SCS can add extra factors
to the product by integrating the locational benefits of the country
where the activity is taking place. In the case of FR, FR's SCS was
produced in China, so we can offer high quality products at low prices.
Owning and operating such an SCS is an advantage of FR. As understood in
the case of FR, internationalization of non-global markets is to
integrate location benefits into their own business processes. By
integrating the benefits of location into business processes, companies
can compete with other companies. Building and capturing the benefits of
the business process itself is why non-market born global companies
engage in international business.

\hypertarget{comparative-case-analysis-between-uniqlo-and-giordano}{%
\section{Comparative Case Analysis Between Uniqlo and
Giordano}\label{comparative-case-analysis-between-uniqlo-and-giordano}}

\hypertarget{analysis-of-quick-response-based-supply-chain-management-in-uniqlo}{%
\section{Analysis of Quick Response Based Supply Chain Management in
Uniqlo}\label{analysis-of-quick-response-based-supply-chain-management-in-uniqlo}}

\hypertarget{conclusion}{%
\section{Conclusion}\label{conclusion}}

\end{document}
